Bluegate Business Solutions LTD (Kenya) 2001 – www.bluegatebs.com

www.madinitracechain.com

One-stop app that connects producers with consumers and captures all value chain data from end to end. Empowering producers and building D2C models with blockchain.
Connect producers with consumers and capture all value chain data E2E
Enable African Enterprises to introduce and complete Proof of Concepts on Blockchain Efficiently.
Madini TraceChain is a platform that engages producers with consumers and enables them to gather and share data with the public via a QR code. All the information is encrypted and secured on VeChain blockchain, and is unforgeable and available worldwide.


Unleash New Business Value by Data on MDN Blockchain Platform

TraceChain, a blockchain-enabled trade solution can help african companies exploit value via data generated by their own business. The immutable data on the blockchain enables companies to increase the efficiency of compliance review, government supervision, logistics and supplier evaluation and more. Companies will also gain access to world leading third-party services through Bluegate partner network, greatly reducing the cost of certification, audit, insurance or supply chain logistic services.

Bluegate now has specialization in products traceability based on accumulated know-how and refined technology. Joining hands with other strategic partners on this platform, Madini TraceChain aims to expand the business globally to address business needs of more enterprises in the african industry.


With Madini TraceChain you can easily upload your product descriptions, attributes, photos, certificates, documents and videos to the VeChainThor blockchain.

When the upload is completed, the system will generate an unique QR code assigned to your product. You will also be able to see the transaction (TX) ids that your business has generated, giving you a full overview of the number of TXs that your products have produced accross the product’s journey.


Bluegate Blockchain

At Madini, we believe VeChain Thor Blockchain has the potential to powerfully disrupt many aspects of how businesses and economies work, even how societies are organised. Blockchain goes to the core of the role of trust in African Markets – an area that is central to Madini purpose. This shapes the way we think through the challenges Africa faces – bringing together business acumen, user experience design, and existing and emerging technology. We deliver blockchain solutions that reflect African specific business needs, and provide trust, transparency, and security. Together, we can differentiate your business and help you set the stage for future growth.


Enhance Sustainability, Traceability, Trust, Brand Image And Consumer Confidence On African Products.

BlockChain Decentralization is a key to the technology and facilitates peer-to-peer exchange of information. This ensures high security, speed, reliability and transparency in all the transactions, and full supply chain traceability and regulation using Bluegate hybrid technology Madini TraceChain will deliver blockchain solutions that reflect African specific business needs, and provide trust, transparency, and security, to expand our mineral’s trade overseas. Together, we can differentiate your business and help you set the stage for future growth.


3 ways traceability can fulfill the sustainability promise

Stakeholders are demanding sustainability throughout the supply chain. Businesses must invest in digital traceability tools to create circular supply chains. Cross-sector collaboration is key to making the ‘digital thread’ of traceability standard practice.

Customer satisfaction has always depended on supply chains. Yet now they must do more than simply deliver the product that customers want, when they want it. Today’s supply chains must also deliver on a brand promise: sustainability.

Across business-to-business and business-to-consumer industries, customers, investors, employees and regulators are demanding more sustainable products and production.

